♪ Feel I'm going back ♪
♪ To Massachusetts ♪
♪ Something's telling me ♪
♪ I must go home ♪
[Jackie] These motherfuckers
weren't doing anything
the rest of us weren't doing.
Jackie, they got
the wrong guy.
Chuck Stuart
blew out his own guts
to get away
with killing his wife...
and said some nigger did it.
I mean, I believe him too,
he told me a black guy did it.
Would you shit in a fucking bag
for the rest of your life
to get away
with killing your wife?
I love my wife.
I love my wife too,
but I'm a big fan
of keeping things simple.
Look, I got no love lost for
the Boston Police Department,
but this fucking commission
that they set up
to investigate
this Charles Stuart shit,
the St. Clair Commission,
letting it leak
that they wanted
jail time for cops.
Fuck that. U.S. attorney
is losing his mind.
[Salvie] Speaking of,
I cannot believe I'm in a line
for this miserable fuck.
Matthew Cook was an asshole.
Salvie, for Christ's sake.
Show some fucking respect.
[Josie]
Jackie.
I didn't think
anybody'd come.
I knew you loved him, but
I didn't think
anybody else would come.
Josie, your husband...
he was-- he was like
Jack Kennedy.
No one knew
what they had.
Yes. Thanks.
You know, I got this
Grassy Knoll theory
about the night that this whole
fucking city went to shit.
It was the time that Mayor Flynn
sent the cops on the ice.
You remember that?
Bruins/Canadiens?
The fucking fight went
all the way up in the stands.
What used to make
this city great
was that it was run
by bad men
who understood
that they were bad.
And then some stupid fuck goes
on the TV and tells everybody,
"You can't act like this
anymore,
not even in a Bruins game."
[sniffs]
And now...
can't even call a guy
a faggot, he deserves it.
I don't-- it's-- I--
So, what you're saying is,
you're upset 'cause this is
a civil place to live now.
What the fuck we been working
for the last 20 years?
Well, I always
just thought the FBI
wanted to be the baddest
motherfucker around.
Look, I'm only gonna
say this once,
'cause you're my friend.
Take it how you will.
You're fucking your life up.
What are you
talking about?
This shit
you're talking about.
What we used to
get away with?
Times are changing.
It's not 1983 anymore.
You got to knock it off, pal.
What's the matter
with you?
Look at me.
I love my job.
Now my kids can't stand me.
I got nothin'.
Same thing's gonna happen
to you, Jackie.
What, did your wife finally
smarten up and leave you?
Is that what
this is all about?
-[laughs]
-You stupid fuck.
You're never gonna learn.
What? Come on.
You can't take a joke?
Salvie, come on.
Hey, where you goin'?
Hey.
Whoa. Fuck.
Hey, Rohr!
You said you'd give us $50
to show up and make a crowd
for the widow.
[sniffles and coughs]
Are you fuckin' kiddin'?
There's only 20 here!
You forget what state
you're living in, pal?
This is Massachusetts.
Tax is a bitch.
Thanks for nothin', Rohr.
I don't know how the Globe
found out, but there it is.
Members of
the St. Clair Commission,
wanted jail time
for Boston police.
Now, who do you think
they're talkin' 'bout?
You.
And you think
that's a good thing?
I pushed jail time for cops.
The U.S. attorney,
unfortunately, didn't agree.
Now, why else would I leave
the U.S. Attorney's office,
come work for the county DA,
if this wasn't the kind of work
that I wanted to get done?
Cops aren't fans
of the Globe,  and
cops make cases
for the district attorney.
So let me ask you this again.
You think it's a good thing
that your heroics got mentioned?
Hmm.
Hey, come on.
Come on, DeCourcy.
[sighs and clears throat]
Excuse me.
Their coffee's on me.
Keep the change.
Hey, thank you
for your service.
You just couldn't
make it easy, huh?
Who learns that way?
[typewriter clacking]
♪ rap music plays ♪
♪ You down with OPP ♪
♪ Yeah, you know me ♪
♪  Yeah, you know me ♪
♪ Who's down with OPP? ♪
-Here's the warrant.
-Hold on to it.
Hey, listen up, assholes.
I'm only going to say this once.
This is a racially charged
situation. It's very delicate.
Your strength
is the spirit of the law.
[laughs]
Let's go.
-♪ You down with OPP ♪
-♪ Yeah, you know me ♪
-♪  You down with OPP ♪
-[door crashes]
[officer] Boston police!
Show me your hands!
Don't move! Don't move!
-Come on!
-Get 'em up!
[Ren and Stimpy episode
plays on television]
What the fuck, Stevie?
These aren't the guys.
[all shouting]
[officer]
He's goin' out the window!
Get him!
Get it open!
He's out the window!
Ah, shit!
Fuck!
[Steve groaning]
Thought you read the fucking
warrant, Stevie!
-I did!
-Give me that warrant!
-What's that door say?
-[Stevie] 217.
That's the wrong
fucking door!
-How the fuck did that happen?
-Oh, I know.
Your mother smoked
too many Kools
she was pregnant with you,
you dyslexic motherfucker.
Come out of there or I'll pull
the fucking short hairs
off the back of your neck
one by one.
[Roach]
Show me your fucking warrant.
Oh, yeah, I got your fucking
warrant right here.
[overlapping chatter]
Chief. Hey, Chief. Hey!
Chief, Chief.
Hey, is there a reason my first
case back in Superior Court
is a case out of Bromley Heath?
Ward, are you an asshole?
A cop gets shot.
This is as close
to a slam-dunk conviction
as you're gonna get.
What the fuck
you so upset about?
Look, Chief, there's
a reputation you get, right?
Black lawyer working
guns and drugs--
Look, y-you're
overthinking this.
I put you on this because you're
gonna put the shit-bum away.
And you might make things easier
between you and the BPD.
I don't know anything
that'd do that.
Better not fuck it up.
[rock music playing]
Let's go, guys. Out.
Everybody out.
Let's go.
Closing time.
[man]
Come on, Hook!
-Let's go!
-Lemme finish my beer.
[annoyed chatter]
-What's up, Bill?
-What's happenin'?
-How you doin', guys?
-How you doin'?
Holy shit, those look like
fucking Army guns to me.
-You said you needed 'em quick.
-[man] Yeah.
But not so as
to get a life sentence
carrying a fucking M16.
They shoot where they point?
I'd assume so.
Then they're fine.
Where did you get your hands
on an AK-47?
Brother brought 'em
back from 'Nam.
Killed three gooks
to get them.
[officer] What do you know
about that color?
Barry, you all right?
[knocks]
[door lock buzzes]
No way...
What the fuck are you doing
in Bromley Heath?
-Fuck you think I was doing?
-I think you were getting high.
No, look, Jackie,
this ain't my fault.
Don't talk like I'm your mother.
You think you're my only snitch?
-Narcs kicked in the wrong door.
-You shouldn't have been there!
[chair clatters]
Look, I got a guy, a lead.
Goes right to Prince Street.
The office.
This guy gives you
Frank Salemme.
And?
And what?
You want to hear more?
Get me the fuck out of here.
So, what, you,
you gonna get me out?
I'll figure something out.
[Roach] You know,
you're a good shit, Jackie.
Don't know why they say
you're a prick.
It's a rumor
my wife started.
Hey. Hey, counselor.
Hey, Jackie, what's goin' on?
The cop shooting?
Bromley Heath?
Yeah, I gave it
to the new guy, Ward. Why?
Friend of mine asked me
to take a look.
Oh, you're gonna love
DeCourcy Ward.
Why is that?
Affirmative action hire.
Oh, Christ. How bad?
He was on
the St. Clair Commission.
[laughs]
Fuck me.
[engine revving]
[tires screech]
Move! Move!
I see it, the bag!
[men shouting indistinctly]
Bag down, bag down!
[Jackie]
Fellas.
-There he is.
-And here comes trouble.
Darling, when you gonna get rid
of that husband of yours?
-Hey.
-Hey, Jackie.
DeCourcy Ward.
Jackie Rohr, FBI.
You mind if I call you D?
Uh...no.
I have an arraignment.
The arraignment's what I want
to talk to you about.
You got a kid, Roach,
on your docket.
He's an informant of mine.
He's working a decent case.
He also shot a cop.
Well, he allegedly
shot a cop.
You want me to let him off?
Why me?
Call it a professional favor.
No, but why me...
specifically?
It's your case,
isn't it?
[scoffs]
Is there
a misunderstanding here?
No, no, see,
I understand perfectly.
You walk in here
and you think,
oh, the new guy's stupid enough
to eat your bullshit.
What are you,
some kind of asshole?
I spent five years
with the U.S. Attorney,
watching Feds cut deals
for pieces of shit like this.
Take it to Guy Dan.
See what he says.
Oh, well, excuse me,
Clarence Thomas.
I'm sorry I gave you
the benefit of the doubt.
I figured you weren't
Guy Dan's Uncle Tom,
but clearly
I was mistaken.
Don't worry.
Next time, I won't ask.
Oh, is that a threat?
Threat?
No.
It's a "fuck you."
[guard groaning]
Aah!
[all shouting and grunting]
Hey!
What the hell's fuckin'
goin' on back there?
[gunshot]
[tires squeal]
[car horn honks]
[man groaning]
He saw my fucking face!
What the fuck?
What the fuck are we gonna do?
They saw my fucking face!
Calm down.
You understand me?
I don't know, man.
Let's just take their IDs,
drop them off at the yard.
What are you,
a fucking moron?
We'll know where
their families live.
I ain't hurting
someone's kids!
Jesus, my kid's got
nothing to do with this.
We're not gonna hurt
your goddamn kids.
I'm not gonna say nothin'!
-I don't know you.
-We won't say nothing.
I don't know you either!
Fuck!
[breathing heavily]
[guard] Look, I'm from
D Street in South--
Nobody cares
where you're from!
All's I'm saying
is I grew up with it.
I'm not gonna rat
anyone out, on my life.
If you were me,
would you trust you?
[guard]
We'll take money, some of it.
You get caught,
say we're in on it.
That's not a bad idea.
They saw my face.
You want to worry about this
the rest of your life?
It's on you.
It's up to you, boss.
[breathing heavily]
I get one smoke?
[guard]
Oh, my God!
[guard sobbing]
Oh, no.
[guard screams]
[Jackie panting]
Wait, wait.
Hang on, hang on.
[grunts]
Okay, don't stop.
Don't stop.
[laughs]
Here, here. Ready?
[both sigh]
-[pots clang]
-Shh.
[woman speaking Cantonese]
What the fuck is she
ching-chonging about?
She's calling you "gweilo."
Gweilo? What the fuck
does that mean?
Approximately,
"white devil."
Ooh, she ain't wrong
about that.
[both laugh]
Come here, baby.
[woman shouting in Cantonese]
Ooh, gotta go.
-[woman shouting]
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, hey, hey, take it easy.
Take-- hey, hey.
Get back! Get back!
Mama, people can see you!
Stop it!
[men chuckling]
What the fuck are you guys
doing down here?
Fuck are you doing here?
[laughs]
Man.
Your life's just turned out
exactly how you expected, huh?
-[woman yelling in Cantonese]
-All right, all right!
All right, all right,
I'm going, I'm goin'.
[door creaks open]
[door creaks closed]
[muffled retching]
Rough night?
I'm sorry, Daddy.
I got some sausage and peppers
left over from lunch.
You want me to heat that up
for you?
-[coughs]
-Ooh.
Why would you say that
to me?
Just be grateful that I
found you and not your mother.
Fuck!
[breathing heavily]
I don't know how
I'm going to do it.
Look my wife in the eye
when she asks about
what happened today, you know?
Why?
You didn't do nothin'.
Oh. Guns and drugs.
Yeah.
But a cop was shot.
Oh.
So this is one where
the Boston Police
actually want you to win?
[both laugh]
Life doesn't have
to be this hard.
The firm would love
to have you.
Oh, but then I'd have
to spend my nights in Locke-Ober
watching these old
rich people
stuff their faces
full of lobster.
Just like you will
Wednesday night.
No, wh...
you still making me
go to that, babe?
Come on, I got to eat
shit all day.
Now I got to eat yours too?
You will take
what I give you
and be glad to eat it,
Mr. Ward.
Oh, is that so?
That is so.
Okay.
Come here.
Oh, God, that feels weird.
Don't worry,
it's not weird.
-It's working.
-[Jenny] It hurts, though.
[mother] It can't be
hurting, for Christ's sake.
Kid.
-Come on.
-[Jenny] Is it done?
[mother]
It's almost done. Almost done.
[sighs]
What the hell are you two
gypsies up to?
We're talking about you,
asshole.
What else is new?
You feeling all right?
Yeah. Ears are killing me.
How was your night?
Awful.
You feel better now?
Yeah, feels all right.
[Jackie groans]
Oh, for Christ's sake.
I didn't need
to see that.
What was so bad
about work?
I just spent the night
running around,
trying to get this informant
out of stir.
Guy Dan
give you a problem?
No.
His affirmative action
hire.
Well, what do you expect
from that?
So why you look
so handsome today?
Think I'm coming down
with something.
Ah.
Yeah, I guess something
must be going around.
Bennie couldn't get
out of bed this morning.
I think that's
a feminine issue.
[scoffs]
What?
Nothing. Nothing.
I hope you feel better.
-Marilyn.
-Hey, Jackie.
Hey.
Where the fuck did you
find this kid, Ward?
U.S. Attorney's,
working white collar.
Junk bonds, savings and loan,
that sort of thing.
-Why?
-What is a guy like that doing
working at the fucking
Suffolk DA's office?
He's got a notion he's going
to be the next mayor of Boston.
Oh, yeah?
How's he figure that?
He got money?
No, he's just a Brownsville
porch monkey,
but his wife's
got money.
Hmm. Is she good-looking too?
Honestly, how much trouble
are you about to cause me today?
[blows kiss]
-[door opens]
-[Rey] Clay Roach...
how's that going?
Oh, he'll be going
cold turkey at Walpole
by the end of the week.
If you had to,
think you could drop him?
What, are you kidding me?
The BPD already
wants to lynch me.
Now you want me to let
a cop-shooter walk?
Well, it might be in your best
interest, considering--
What does Guy Dan say?
No, Guy Dan is not
in this conversation.
That's why I'm here.
Okay.
You want it dropped?
Order me to.
You know, Ward,
there's a way to do this job,
you could have it
for the rest of your life.
Watch your kids grow up
in a good neighborhood,
safe from all the shit
that we see here.
But if you want to be
an idealist--
I'm not having
this conversation.
All right.
[door opens and closes]
[sirens,
police radio chatter]
Anyone good?
Yeah. A real tragedy.
Number 99 of the year.
Can I ask you
a question?
In your experience,
is it a rare thing,
the FBI interfering
in felony cases?
Is it rare? No.
But who asked?
Jackie Rohr.
Rohr you want to avoid.
He's like the FBI's
Doug Flutie.
He can walk into any cop bar
in New England
and never have to buy himself
a drink.
Why's that?
He was on the crew
that brought down
the Angiulo family
about ten years back.
First guys to do it
in the country,
bring down a whole
Mafia family.
If it won't kill you
to do him a favor, just do it.
The thing with Rohr,
if he comes for you, you ain't
never gonna see it coming.
[sighs]
[girl]
Daddy?
Kick, sweetheart.
Hey.
What's the matter?
[whimpering]
I'm scared.
Scared?
What are you scared of,
Katherine?
I woke up
and you weren't home.
Hey.
When does your father
not come home to you?
What's the matta?
I saw Kanicki.
Where?
Hmm?
Hey, did you see him
in your dream?
Is that where you saw him?
Yeah.
Come on, let's go to bed.
Come on.
[phone rings]
[whispering]
Hey.
Babe.
Was she having
the dreams again?
Kanicki.
I don't know
how she remembers.
Your mother's
on the phone.
I'm sorry.
What does she want?
What do you think?
-Yeah.
-Frank.
Your brother saw fit
to throw a road flare
into a vehicle operated
by our most protected
minority citizens.
For some reason,
they didn't press charges.
Yeah?
Wonder why.
How you doing
otherwise, Frank?
I'm fine, thank you.
[grunts]
[man]
Come on, Jimmy.
[groans]
Jimmy. Let's go.
Hey.
Come on.
[sighs]
Real sorry
to waste your time.
You take care
of yourself, Jimmy.
Take him out the back,
all right?
All right.
We're going out the back,
Jimmy.
[Jimmy]
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my...
You know, Frank,
I honestly--
You tell me you love me,
I'm going to kick
your fucking head in.
-You understand?
-I fucking love you.
I love you. You love me?
-You love me?
-Get in the car.
[Ward] Now, look,
I'm not from around here,
but I've often heard
that a New England conscience
is one that doesn't prevent you
from doing anything,
but prevents you from
enjoying it after.
[jury chuckles]
[gavel bangs]
Hey. Brought you a coffee.
I don't accept
professional favors.
Why not? It's free.
All right, look,
don't drink the coffee,
all right?
It's cold anyway.
But just hear me out.
I think there's been
a misunderstanding
between you and I.
No, there's no
misunderstanding at all.
I think we both
recognize one another
for exactly who we are.
What do you want, Ward?
I want to put
this case to bed.
You give me the name of
your supposed real shooter,
I let Roach walk.
Well, considering that
that would completely spoil
my C.I.
as an informant,
let's just put that aside
for the minute. I mean...
what do you  want,
long-term, for you?
Honestly?
Yeah, honestly.
I want to rip out
the fucked-up machinery
in this bullshit city.
I want to tear it all down,
for good.
[elevator dings]
Look, look, look, look.
Do you honestly think you're the
first person to feel that way?
I mean, you ever heard
of Lincoln Steffens?
Good men don't understand.
I don't buy that.
Yeah?
You havin' a lot of luck
with that yourself?
'Scuse me, I'm looking
for Detective Minogue.
Okay.
-[office chatter]
-[phone ringing]
[typewriter clacking]
[clears throat]
You might want
to be polite.
Ask me to at least
sit down,
considering I'm the one
prosecuting your collar.
When you worked for
the U.S. Attorney's office,
you wanted to give cops
jail time
trying to catch the cocksucker
shot a pregnant woman.
You can fucking stand,
my friend.
[clears throat]
You involved
in the Stuart case?
Hmm?
No?
Then what's it matter
to you?
'Cause here's the one thing
you people don't understand.
And before you get
all up in arms about that,
I'm talking
about civilians.
It's that early on
in your career as a cop,
you make a choice.
You see the way
guys do this job,
and you can do it too.
Or you gonna protect 'em
while they're doing it.
'Cause someday,
your backup just won't show.
And then there comes a day
when some guy shoots
a pregnant woman,
and you lay a hand
to catch him.
And along comes
a fucking asshole like you,
recommending jail time.
I still resent
they didn't get it.
[laughs]
You got a donkey cock on you,
I'll give you that.
So, what do you want from me?
Give me a reason
not to drop Roach.
He shot a cop.
Some people willing
to go to bat for him.
Yeah? Who? Feds?
You don't seem surprised.
Do you know
who Whitey Bulger is?
He's the biggest fucking myth
in the history of Boston.
Whitey keeps the drugs
out of Southie.
That's because Whitey
is the drugs in Southie.
But you, me,
we can't touch him.
Why?
You think the FBI would lie
about Roach
to get him off?
Depends who's asking.
Jackie Rohr.
Then most fucking
definitely.
His people said
there was another shooter.
Said that you had a warrant
for the wrong place.
Why are you so certain
he'd lie?
Because Jackie's a classic
Boston asshole.
From a time in this city
when things were so fucked up,
if you went to Mass on Sunday
you were considered legitimate.
And he always
gets away with it.
And that's the part
you don't like.
Yeah.
That cocksucker offends
my fucking sense of decency.
["Tom Sawyer" by Rush playing]
[Jackie singing with radio]
♪ And what you say ♪
♪ About his company ♪
♪ Is what you say
About society ♪
♪ Catch the witness
Catch the wit ♪
♪ Catch the spirit
Catch the spit ♪
[snorts]
♪ The world is, the world is ♪
♪ Love and life are deep ♪
♪ Maybe as his eyes ♪
♪ Are wide ♪
♪ Exit the warrior
Today's Tom Sawyer ♪
♪ He gets high on you
And the energy you trade ♪
♪ He gets right on to
The friction of the day ♪
[music turns off]
Fucknuts.
What the fuck do you want,
scumbag?
Do you know Junior Minogue?
Narc? Yeah, he's a piece
of shit. Why?
-[door closes]
-How you doing?
[officer]
Fuck off, Rohr.
[flicks lighter]
What do you got on him?
What do you got for me?
Seats.
Opening day.
You can do better than that.
Sure, but do I want to?
[groans softly]
Shut the door.
Fuck you.
You really want to bust my balls
on this fucking Roach case, huh?
-Hey, the prick shot a cop.
-Don't talk like I'm a
fucking idiot.
You and I both know that you
weren't supposed to be there.
Blow it out your ass.
My warrant was in order.
You know, there is a nice way
that I could do this,
but I fucking don't like you,
so let's just cut to it.
How's your degenerate brother
Gary doing?
All you gotta do
is say that you caught Roach
fleeing the scene.
Leave a little bit of room
for reasonable doubt.
I'm not fucking lying for you,
you cocksucker.
How long did he last
in the seminary, Gary,
'fore they washed him out?
Huh?
Doing what he did.
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
Does your mother know?
♪ rock music playing ♪
[music and ignition turn off]
-Hey, Frankie.
-How you doing?
Hey.
-Hey, Jimmy, how you doing?
-Can I talk to you?
Yeah, what do you want?
Uh...
I need some money.
Don't we all, Jimmy?
Frankie, I need it.
-I got to get outta here.
-Hey...
No, I got to get outta here.
You're not going
to be happy anywhere,
you don't take care
of yourself.
I'm looking at you.
Yeah, I know.
It's for treatment.
Is it for treatment,
or is it to get out of town?
Which one is it?
The treatment center's
in Florida.
-Along with your kids?
-Yeah.
Jimmy, what do you want?
You want a job?
I can get you a job here.
Is that what
you're looking for?
That's how you
make money, pal.
You work.
No, no, I want the-- I want--
I want to do the other thing.
Frankie, I want to do
the other thing.
-Hey.
-What?
Shh.
[whispers]
I want to do the other--
It's not going to happen.
Brother, come on!
My whole fucking life...
I never asked you
for anything.
-No, you haven't.
-No.
No.
But plenty of people
have asked on your behalf.
You know what?
You know I can do it.
-I know you can do it.
-Exactly!
I'm not worried about it.
Shut up.
I'm worried about
your fucking mouth.
I'm worried about that thing,
you understand?
Hey, look at my life.
-You think it changes anything
Jimmy?
-No, no!
You think having money
changes a thing?
No, but it makes it easier,
all right?
Fuck!
I'm sorry, darling.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm going.
[judge]
Criminal docket 1568 of 1992.
Commonwealth vs. Clay Roach.
[attorney coughs]
[Ward] And what did
the Drug Control Unit
find on the premises?
A .22 handgun matched
to the bullet
taken
from Officer Burke's shin.
Traces of heroin.
Paraphernalia.
And the suspect?
Suspect was apprehended near
the vicinity of the shooting.
It says in your report,
detective,
that suspect Roach was taken
inside the premises.
Yeah, the premises being the
Bromley Heath housing project,
in toto.
It says in your report--
Yeah, in the writing
of the report.
It says in your report--
[judge] We heard
what the report said, counselor.
Time to move on.
What the fuck did you just let
happen to you out there, boy?
Your Honor,
the detective said--
You stripped your horns
going after cops,
then took a job
working for them.
Don't hand me excuses.
I don't know what else
to tell you.
Did I hear something
about this Roach kid
being a federal
informant?
He was, or is.
Then you should have
let him walk.
Oh, what?
You think I'm base now?
-Your Honor...
-You know what, counselor?
Lincoln Steffens once said,
Jesus replied that he could only
save sinners, not the righteous.
Think on that.
[door closes]
What'd you do?
Walk home?
You were supposed to be
at Locke-Ober--
I can't.
Not tonight, Siobhan.
And what the fuck
is your problem?
You won't want
to hear it.
You said it would happen.
You said it would happen
a million fucking times.
And what's that?
They handed me a shit case
I didn't even want:
a cop shooting.
Then they don't want me
to prosecute.
They want me to let the guy
who shot the cop off.
I refuse. Then they put
a cop up on the stands
who lies about
the whole thing.
The cop shooter walks.
I-I can't win.
I can't fucking win.
Why didn't you just do
what they asked?
Because I'm not
their fucking boy!
Oh, yeah, there it goes.
Right there, uh-huh.
I knew you'd say that.
I didn't say anything
DeCourcy.
You told me
not to take the job.
Ross and Goodwin woulda made
you a better offer
than they made me, but no.
I like what my job
should be.
That's not the way
things are.
So why are you acting
like it is?
'Cause I'm a fucking
asshole, Siobhan.
-I'm a fucking asshole.
-Okay.
Quoting my own argument
back to me
isn't going to get you any pity.
You know, and using logic
isn't gonna get me
to go to Locke-Ober tonight
either.
[sighs]
Fuck off.
The fuck she so mad at?
Oh, my God.
♪ rock music playing ♪
[grunting]
[bar patron]
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[grunts]
[bar patron]
Yeah! Oh!
[grunts]
Stupid fuck!
Fuck off!
[onlookers chatter]
[sharp gasp]
[train horn honking]
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Fuck. I should just get a sign
on the ceiling above my bed.
"You did good today 'cause
you took your fucking meds."
I fucking knew it.
What's gonna have to happen
to you before you learn, huh?
-Oh, fuck.
-Or are you just gonna
let us all in for the ride
till you figure it out?
Just let Ma watch you
kill yourself by inches.
You know, don't give me
that shit, okay?
Shut the fuck up!
Shut the fuck up
and listen to me!
This shit that you pull,
it don't just affect you
anymore.
We're not 18 years old,
throwing shit at the TPF
off the roofs
of the Bunker Hill projects.
I got kids.
Three of them!
One who cried herself
to sleep the other fucking night
because her father
didn't come home.
He's at the station house
picking up her scumbag
fuckin' uncle.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Frankie.
Don't. Don't.
I don't want
to fuckin' hear it.
Genuinely, no.
Genuinely, I'm sorry.
Start and unfuck your head.
-Okay, yeah.
-All right?
Yeah.
[Nikki]
Bye, Daddy.
Oh, this is the best it is ever
gonna be for you, you dolt.
[Jimmy]
No, I know. I know. I'm sorry.
[Jimmy sniffles]
What was she upset about?
The kid?
[sighs]
She remembered Kelly.
Kelly Kanicki?
[sniffles]
[Frankie]
Are you all right now?
Yeah. No, I'm all right.
Yeah.
You know I love you,
you prick.
All right. What time's
the judge need you back for?
Court doesn't start
for another forty.
All right,
you'll be all right.
Listen, I just hope they don't
got any rapists on trial today,
because they are not going to
be able to contain themselves.
You are so bad,
Cath.
I'm just saying.
Let's see.
Oh, we're good to go.
All right. Yeah.
Let's get you up.
Did you hear about
that thing in Revere?
What, the dead
armored car guards?
[woman 1] Thought
they were just missing.
[woman 2] Where you
think they are, Foxwoods?
[door chime dings]
He hit me in the face.
Kick, what the fuck
happened to you?
Who hit you? With what?
Johnny O'Malley,
with a hockey stick.
Oh, my God. What, did he do this
to you on purpose?
-Yeah.
-Jesus Christ.
Guys, she's gotta be
out of here in 30.
-Can you just...?
-[woman] Don't worry, I got her.
Sit down. Shit.
Come here.
Sit down. Look at me.
All right.
Fuck, where is that thing?
Come here. All right, all right,
don't touch it, all right?
Oh, my God, baby,
you look--
Here, put this on there.
Hold it tight.
Hold it right there.
It's all right.
You can cry. You can be upset.
Whatever you need to do.
But you cry,
and then you get even.
You understand me?
How?
You have my permission.
You go and break
Johnny's dick.
[soft chuckle]
Guard your face.
Like that. Like that.
Now, on three. Okay, you ready?
You ready?
One, two, three.
Go! Harder!
[indistinct happy shouting]
[Jimmy] Right here,
that's the champion.
That's the champion.
You're the loser.
One, two, three, go!
Stop!
She wins. She wins.
Great job. You were in the game
the whole time.
Okay, here we go.
No, no, no.
Hey, hey, hey,
put up your hands.
Let me see what you got.
Go like that.
Guard you face.
Guard your face like that.
Like that. Now, on three.
Okay, you ready?
One, two, three, go!
[Jimmy]
Harder! Faster! Oh...
We didn't get enough.
How much?
Maybe 1,500 each.
-For all that?
-Yeah.
Jimmy needs to see his kids.
[laughs]
As much as I would
really love
to see your brother gone,
you got your own kids
to worry about.
Have you looked
at your daughter's face?
I'm not lettin' Kick
go out like that.
[sighs]
What are you hiding
underneath this housecoat?
All right,
don't get any ideas.
Hmm?
You got two kids
awake downstairs,
and the big kid
down there too.
Yeah? What's family for, except
to help you get fucked, huh?
-Oh, is that what we do?
-Yeah.
Is that what we do? We fuck?
Is that what we do?
What are you hiding
under here, huh?
-Rosary beads. Get off of me.
-Rosary beads?
There's only one bead
I really care about.
Oh, my God,
will you stop being so foul?
[laughs]
What's wrong with you?
-Hmm?
-Knock it off.
What?
[laughs]
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
Shut up.
[gasps]
Just kick it up
to the U.S. Attorney's.
Put those in
my office will ya'?
Ward, what are you
still doing here?
Yeah, don't you have a wife?
Unfortunately.
What's going on?
Armored car job
in Revere Beach.
Three missing guards.
All presumed dead.
If this is Murder One,
we can get a piece of it.
It's a capital case.
[man]
Yeah, but the Feds'll eat it.
And why would we
want them to do that?
It's an armored car job
in Revere.
So you can lay odds
someone
from Charlestown's
responsible.
Which means no Boston cop
wants to get involved
in a joint investigation
because they know exactly
what they're going to hear
out of every single witness.
Like, "Fuck yourself,
I ain't seen nothing."
He's not from around here.
Where you from again, Ward?
Brooklyn.
[man]
Look, a case like this
is the single worst thing
we have to deal with.
So if the Feds'll eat it,
we let them.
Nobody wants a part of that.
How are you?
-You all right?
-Yeah.
Yeah, good evening.
[indistinct chatter]
[Jackie]
It was that night.
Three of the Angiulos
were in that café
when we busted 'em.
But the fourth wasn't.
Donato.
Donato Angiulo.
But finally,
Salvie says,
"Fuck it, let's just go knock
on the prick's door."
We drive up to his house,
Prince Street,
knock on their door.
Nice old Italian lady
lets us in.
And I remember
staring at him
and thinking...
"This motherfucker
was gonna fuck me up."
And he sees this.
And he says to me,
"What the fuck are you
thinking about?"
And I say,
"Irony abounds."
Irony abounds.
That's a good line.
What's that from?
Arthur Bremer.
He shot Wallace.
Now you see
this guy here?
This is DeCourcy Ward.
This is the next
mayor of Boston.
[man]
That'll be the day.
[ice clinking]
[Jackie]
Thanks for the drink.
Who's that,
your priest?
Yeah. Yeah, he cleans up
real good come Sunday.
What can I do for you, D?
You know,
you were right.
We got off
on the left foot.
What I should have done,
I realize now,
is ask for a quid pro quo.
What do you want?
My way, which I got.
[laughs]
No, but, I mean, long-term.
Honestly?
I want to sail eight years
to my pension,
get a job in
private security somewhere,
never do another
honest day's work in my life.
Okay.
Well, look,
there's this case, right?
Now, a case like this,
you can coast on,
just like you coasted
on Angiulo in '83.
[ice rattles]
A couple days ago,
a crew knocked over
an armored car in Revere.
And the guards? Still missing.
You're friends with
the federal prosecutor.
What the fuck
do you need me for?
I don't want this investigation
taken from me.
I want to run it.
And I don't want to just bury
who did it.
No, I want to go
into Charlestown
and I want to fuck
that place up.
What about your boss?
Fuck him.
Fuck all of 'em.
Fuck anyone else
who gets in my way.
Mac.
Can I get a whisky, neat?
No, you see, this is good.
This means you're learning.
Stop.
You do one.
One.
Whatever the takes are,
you're gettin'--
Out.
I don't want to hear
about the next one
or some other fucking score
you got lined up.
You take the money,
get straight.
You understand?
Uh-huh.
What are you smiling at?
You love it too much,
don't you?
Didn't take much,
getting you to do it again.
Took almost nothing.
Yeah.
[sniffles]
-Jimmy, keep your fucking--
-Hello.
[Minogue]
Frank.
I wanna do another one.
Another truck.
After last time?
You guys allergic to money
all of a sudden?
But I'm not gonna work
with this guy, Frankie.
What am I? What?
What am I, dog shit?
-[laughs]
-Hey, shh.
No, you're a fucking
wasted sperm cell.
I'm a wasted fuckin' sp--
That's a good one.
-Shut your fuckin' mouth.
-Know what? I've been robbin'
since I was
eight years fuckin' old.
What have you been doing, Tommy?
And you've been getting caught.
I been gettin' caught?
Hey, fuck you! Fuck you!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
-[Frankie] Hey! Hey!
-Fuck you!
-[Frankie] Shut the fuck up!
-[Tommy] Punk!
Fuck me? I'll break
your fucking neck!
Hey!
-[others shushing]
-Come and get me, punk.
-Hey, relax--
-Come and get me!
-Get in the fuckin' car.
-[Jimmy] I'm goin'!
-[Frankie] Get in the car.
-[Tommy] Frankie!
-Frankie!
-I'm goin' again.
I'd love to have you join me.
Let me know if you can do it,
all right?
[Tommy] Frank! You know
what you're doin'?
Get the fuck out of the rain.
This is fucking stupid.
[Frankie] Turn your
fucking head around.
See? It's not that complicated
what we're trying to do here.
It's just a matter of how far
you're willing to go,
how much shit
you're willing to eat.
I can do what I got to do.
Okay.
So...
we know that
our perpetrators
are most likely a few pieces
of shit from Charlestown, right?
There's more bank robbers
in Charlestown
than any other square mile
in the English-speaking world.
But you can't convict them,
because they don't talk.
So, we use
what you've got.
You're the DA.
You got the number-one thing
that's going to scare
every piece of shit
in this city.
The grand jury.
No scumbag can work
when the grand jury is on.
So, what we do
is we find a big case
gone cold.
We round up every bank-robbing
suspect we can,
and you grant them immunity
on the cold case.
Then, when you get them
in front of the grand jury,
you hit them with questions
about the robbery.
It's jail time,
they don't want to talk to you.
How'd you figure all that?
D.C. law school.
Class of '68, motherfucker.
It's a risky move.
But given the circumstances:
three dead bodies,
Charlestown, black DA.
People will probably
give you credit.
[door opens]
So I gotta ask you,
what changed your mind?
About you?
Beyond necessity?
You'd said something.
Reminded me
when I was a kid.
My father,
he worked for the SCLC.
He knew King.
He was in Memphis
when King was shot.
And when I was a kid,
he'd come home
getting his head kicked in
by the Bull Connors
of the world...
and he'd beat the living shit
out of us.
He, uh...
[sighs]
...caught me with a thumb
one night.
You're right.
Only the bad understand.
Irony abounds.
♪ So many people
Have come and gone ♪
♪ Their faces fade
As the years go by ♪
[rapid, deep breaths]
♪ Yet I still recall... ♪
Go, go!
Drop the fucking bag,
motherfucker!
Down! Down!
Get the fuck down!
♪ It's more than a feeling ♪
♪ More than a feeling ♪
♪ When I hear that old song
They used to play ♪
♪ More than a feeling ♪
♪ And I begin dreaming ♪
♪ Till I see Marianne
Walk away ♪
I'm going to be a lot more
valuable to you now.
That robbery up at Revere?
I know where the bodies
are buried.
♪
♪ When I'm tired
and thinking cold ♪
♪ I hide in my music,
forget the day ♪
♪ And dream of a girl
I used to know ♪